Context window: 1048576 tokens
Max output window: 8192 tokens

Token Report:
CMakeLists.txt: 13299 tokens
cmake/gmxConfigureVersionInfo.cmake: 441 tokens
cmake/gmxManageSyclOneApi.cmake: 4934 tokens
cmake/gmxManageLmfit.cmake: 1225 tokens
cmake/gmxBuildTypeReference.cmake: 866 tokens
cmake/gmxGenerateVersionInfoWithoutGit.cmake: 993 tokens
cmake/gmxCPackUtilities.cmake: 1758 tokens
cmake/gmxManageSyclAdaptiveCpp.cmake: 4319 tokens
cmake/gmxManageFFTLibraries.cmake: 2480 tokens
cmake/gmxManageNNPot.cmake: 890 tokens
cmake/FindLmfit.cmake: 1237 tokens
cmake/FindcuFFTMp.cmake: 949 tokens
cmake/gmxTestInlineASM.cmake: 697 tokens
cmake/TestFileOffsetBits.cpp: 71 tokens
cmake/with_asan_opts.sh: 521 tokens
cmake/gmxTestLargeFiles.cmake: 2026 tokens
cmake/gmxManageOneMath.cmake: 992 tokens
cmake/gmxGenerateVersionInfo.cmake: 2712 tokens
cmake/gmxManageNvccConfig.cmake: 5028 tokens
cmake/gmxManageSuffixes.cmake: 987 tokens
cmake/gmxDetectSimd.cmake: 2020 tokens
cmake/ThreadMPI.cmake: 2794 tokens
cmake/gmxBuildTypeASAN.cmake: 548 tokens
cmake/gmxManageSimd.cmake: 7381 tokens
cmake/gmxCTestUtilities.cmake: 908 tokens
cmake/gmxManageHDF5.cmake: 693 tokens
cmake/TestWindowsFSeek.cpp: 54 tokens
cmake/FindHWLOC.cmake: 4702 tokens
cmake/gmxTestPipes.cmake: 559 tokens
cmake/gmxBuildTypeMSAN.cmake: 1478 tokens
cmake/cmake_uninstall.cmake.in: 354 tokens
cmake/gmxManagePluginSupport.cmake: 794 tokens
cmake/gmxDetectTargetArchitecture.cmake: 656 tokens
cmake/gmxSetBuildInformation.cmake: 856 tokens
cmake/gmxFindFlagsForSource.cmake: 2169 tokens
cmake/gmxBuildTypeReleaseWithAssert.cmake: 660 tokens
cmake/TestHIP.cpp: 543 tokens
cmake/TestVMD.cpp: 378 tokens
cmake/gmxManageCP2K.cmake: 1325 tokens
cmake/gmxSimdFlags.cmake: 7624 tokens
cmake/gmxManageOpenMP.cmake: 902 tokens
cmake/gmxManageCcache.cmake: 807 tokens
cmake/FindSphinx.cmake: 1286 tokens
cmake/gmxManageVkFft.cmake: 1979 tokens
cmake/gmxManageColvars.cmake: 1120 tokens
cmake/TestSchedAffinity.cmake: 801 tokens
cmake/gmxDetectAvx512FmaUnits.cmake: 1433 tokens
cmake/gmxVersionInfo.cmake: 6632 tokens
cmake/FindVMD.cmake: 1319 tokens
cmake/gmxManagePlumed.cmake: 970 tokens
cmake/gmxManageLinearAlgebraLibraries.cmake: 2755 tokens
cmake/gmxManageOpenCL.cmake: 1445 tokens
cmake/gmxManageMuparser.cmake: 1254 tokens
cmake/TestSIGUSR1.cpp: 32 tokens
cmake/gmxBuildTypeTSAN.cmake: 1097 tokens
cmake/gmxManageSycl.cmake: 957 tokens
cmake/gmxManageGpuAwareMpi.cmake: 1424 tokens
cmake/gmxManageClangCudaConfig.cmake: 1820 tokens
cmake/gmxOptionUtilities.cmake: 2183 tokens
cmake/TestCUDA.cu: 515 tokens
cmake/gmxTestIntelLLVM.cmake: 586 tokens
cmake/TestGlibcVersion.cpp: 97 tokens
cmake/TestX86.cpp: 67 tokens
cmake/gmxManageHip.cmake: 1175 tokens
cmake/FindTinyXML2.cmake: 1302 tokens
cmake/gmxManageMimic.cmake: 477 tokens
cmake/FindHip.cmake: 995 tokens
cmake/TestPipes.cpp: 87 tokens
cmake/gmxCFlags.cmake: 8908 tokens
cmake/gmxTestCompilerProblems.cmake: 1859 tokens
cmake/TestMPI.cpp: 34 tokens
cmake/gmxTestZLib.cmake: 787 tokens
cmake/TestIntelLLVM.cpp: 67 tokens
cmake/TestMMMalloc.cpp: 105 tokens
cmake/TestXDR.cpp: 81 tokens
cmake/gmxCustomCommandUtilities.cmake: 2984 tokens
cmake/gmxManageMPI.cmake: 2734 tokens
cmake/gmxBuildTreeInfo.cmake: 822 tokens
cmake/gmxTestMMMalloc.cmake: 888 tokens
cmake/gmxTestXDR.cmake: 658 tokens
cmake/gmxBuildTypeProfile.cmake: 575 tokens
cmake/gmxManageSharedLibraries.cmake: 1827 tokens
cmake/FindclFFT.cmake: 1032 tokens
cmake/gmxDetectCpu.cmake: 1610 tokens
cmake/VersionInfo.cmake.cmakein: 583 tokens
cmake/legacy_and_external.supp: 1211 tokens
cmake/gmxManageCuda.cmake: 1538 tokens
cmake/FindPythonModule.cmake: 893 tokens
cmake/FindLibStdCpp.cmake: 3122 tokens
cmake/gmxPythonDiscovery.cmake: 1012 tokens
cmake/TestImageMagickConvert.pdf: 753 tokens
cmake/gmxManageNvshmem.cmake: 1268 tokens
cmake/TestInlineASM_gcc_x86.cpp: 386 tokens
cmake/TestWinProcNum.cpp: 58 tokens
cmake/FindFFTW.cmake: 2847 tokens
cmake/gmxManageHipccConfig.cmake: 3058 tokens
cmake/gmxManageTNG.cmake: 1330 tokens
cmake/FindEXTRAE.cmake: 1177 tokens
cmake/TestLargeFiles.c.cmakein: 295 tokens
cmake/gmxTestdlopen.cmake: 739 tokens
cmake/gmxTestSignal.cmake: 650 tokens
cmake/gmxTestImageMagick.cmake: 975 tokens
cmake/gmxBuildTypeUBSAN.cmake: 547 tokens
cmake/Platform/Linux-Intel-CXX-XeonPhi.cmake: 430 tokens
cmake/Platform/Linux-Intel-C-XeonPhi.cmake: 430 tokens
cmake/AdaptiveCppTest/CMakeLists.txt: 635 tokens
cmake/AdaptiveCppTest/main.cpp: 899 tokens

Total tokens in CMakeLists.txt: 13299
Total tokens in docs/ folder: 154946
Combined total: 168245
